Integrate Mem0 (#1462)
embedchain/embedchain: docs/api-reference/app/chat.mdx

query_config = BaseLlmConfig(number_documents=5)
app.chat("What is the net worth of Elon Musk?", config=query_config)
```

### With Mem0 to store chat history

> Mem0 is a cutting-edge long-term memory solution for Large Language Models (LLMs), designed to efficiently store and retrieve information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mem0 is a cutting-edge long-term memory for LLMs to enable personalization for the GenAI stack. It enables LLMs to remember past interactions and provide more personalized responses.
```

> Follow these steps to use Mem0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to use Mem0  to enable memory for personalization in your apps:
```
